README.md, before:

# Specification Phase Exercise

A little exercise to get started with the specification phase of the software development lifecycle. See the [instructions](instructions.md) for more detail.

## Team members

* [Benjamin DeWeese](https://github.com/bdeweesevans)

* [Jessica Chen](https://github.com/jessicahc)

* [Jennifer Yu](https://github.com/jenniferyuuu)

* [Patrick Cao](https://github.com/Novrain7)

## Stakeholders

See instructions. Delete this line and replace with the name(s) of the stakeholder(s) you interviewed and lists showing their goals/needs, and problems/frustrations.

## Product Vision Statement

See instructions. Delete this line and place your Product Vision Statement here.

## User Requirements

* As a new user, I want to be able to register, log in, and sign out, so that I have an account that stores my meal plan and donation information. 

* As a new user, I want to view my personalized account, so that I can know my current status on meal swipes and dining dollars. 

* As an NYU student, I want to donate meal swipes to the whole NYU community, so that others can get a meal if needed. 

* As a community-driven student, I want to see the amount of donations, so other students and I are more encouraged to make more donations to help others. 

* As an NYU student, I want to see what food purchases I made, so I can control my budget in meal swipes and dining dollars. 

## Activity Diagrams

See instructions. Delete this line and place images of your UML Activity diagrams here.

## Clickable Prototype

See instructions. Delete this line and place a publicly-accessible link to your clickable prototype here.

Commit message:

added stakeholder interview and product vision statement

README.md, after:

# Specification Phase Exercise

A little exercise to get started with the specification phase of the software development lifecycle. See the [instructions](instructions.md) for more detail.

## Team members

* [Benjamin DeWeese](https://github.com/bdeweesevans)

* [Jessica Chen](https://github.com/jessicahc)

* [Jennifer Yu](https://github.com/jenniferyuuu)

* [Patrick Cao](https://github.com/Novrain7)

## Stakeholders

Below is an interview with a stakeholder.

Interviewer: Benjamin DeWeese  
Stakeholder: Andy Li, Sophomore in CAS Computer Science with 120 Flex Plus meal plan.

Summary of goals/needs:

- It should feel simple. ideally, similar to Venmo.
- Be able to see current balance & spending history.
- Know how many swipes you have donated, as well as how many everybody else is donating.
- Be able to export your data.
- Integrate or Google or CILogin for easy sign-up.

Summary of problems/frustrations:

- The current website and physical solution are annoying. It is poorly advertised and you can only donate up to 3 swipes a day.
- There is no integrated mobile way to see meal swipe balance unless you connect to a GrubHub account. And your balance is not clear. You have to navigate confusing sub-menus to find it.
- [If I want to give a friend a swipe right now,] I have to physically tap my friend in, meaning, I have to be there with them.
- Apps that try to do everything are just bad. A pocket-knife becomes ineffective when it turns into a multi-tool with 30 moving pieces. It should just send and donate meals. There is no reason to integrate something like a chatbot.

## Product Vision Statement

This app should be a simple tool, capable of P2P sending and P2E donating of meal swipes.

## User Requirements

* As a new user, I want to be able to register, log in, and sign out, so that I have an account that stores my meal plan and donation information. 

* As a new user, I want to view my personalized account, so that I can know my current status on meal swipes and dining dollars. 

* As an NYU student, I want to donate meal swipes to the whole NYU community, so that others can get a meal if needed. 

* As a community-driven student, I want to see the amount of donations, so other students and I are more encouraged to make more donations to help others. 

* As an NYU student, I want to see what food purchases I made, so I can control my budget in meal swipes and dining dollars. 

## Activity Diagrams

See instructions. Delete this line and place images of your UML Activity diagrams here.

## Clickable Prototype

See instructions. Delete this line and place a publicly-accessible link to your clickable prototype here.
